hey guys so um my belly button piercing
this now grown up it's probably at a 16
or 18 gauge now so I can't fit my belly
button ring in it anymore I took it out
because my parents caught me because I
did do my piercing myself I did buy all
the jewelry and it healed perfectly
feeling was healing personally I did not
get it infected anything like that but
my babe entering now has tried to be
able to go I better than ring back in it
and it's not there morin doesn't fit
really really hard to try to put in
there so that's over I guess I'm already
like rounded is all that kind of stuff
so it doesn't really matter like when
I'm 18 I'm gonna get it over I'm just
going to get it again so um i will show
you my belly button non ring anymore the
hole is growing up so that is that kind
of standing
but I'm just gonna go ahead and get it
over again like later a long time but my
belly button ring collection is no
longer here my parents found it all and
they sold it all for a hundred dollars
and kept it that's none money cuz they
wanted it out of the house so that was
very sending for me to have to pick it
out but I did manage to save three there
were really special me but yeah I guess
I gave up on having it so I sending now
we have three or four out of 300 head so
it's kind of but whatever so kind of
standing but I just get it over again
and I'll be able to get a long back
least most of them but because that's
all hi guys just update me